doc: Adding documentation for AT Client sample (#1345)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: samples/nrf9160/at_client/README.rst

The sample enables you to use an external computer or MCU to send AT commands to the LTE-M/NB-IoT modem of your nRF9160 device.

Overview
********

The AT Client sample acts as a proxy for sending directives to the nRF9160 modem via AT commands.
This facilitates the reading of responses or analyzing of events related to the nRF9160 modem.
The commands can be initiated from a terminal or the `LTE Link Monitor`_, which is an application implemented as part of `nRF Connect for Desktop`_.

For more information on the AT commands, see the `AT Commands Reference Guide`_.

Requirements
************

* The following development board:

  * nRF9160 DK board (PCA10090)

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/nrf9160/at_client`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_nrf9160.txt

Connecting to the nRF9160 DK board with LTE Link Monitor
========================================================

To connect to the nRF9160 DK board with LTE Link Monitor, perform the following steps:

#. Launch the LTE Link Monitor after programming the AT Client sample onto the nRF9160 DK board.

> #. Make sure that **Automatic Setting** is enabled in LTE Link Monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Make sure that **Automatic requests** is enabled in LTE Link Monitor.
```

Author: Updated.

> #. Connect the nRF9160 DK board to the PC with USB.

Author: updated

#. Power on the nRF9160 DK board.

> #. Click :command:`Select Device` and select the particular board device entry from the drop-down list in the LTE Link Monitor.

Reviewer 2: In the output it looks the same, but this isn't a command and should be just bold.

Author: modified

#. Observe that initially the command :command:`AT+CFUN?` is automatically sent to the modem, which returns a value 4, indicating that the modem is in the offline mode.
#. Observe that the LTE Link Monitor terminal display also shows :command:`AT+CFUN=1` indicating that the modem has changed to the normal mode.

> #. Perform a reset of the nRF9160 DK board by pressing the reset button, which will reboot the board and start the AT Client sample.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Press the reset button on the nRF9160 DK to reboot the board and start the AT Client sample.
```

Author: Modified.

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your board, test the sample by performing the following steps:

#. `Connect to the nRF9160 DK board with LTE Link Monitor <Connecting to the nRF9160 DK board with LTE Link Monitor_>`_.
#. Run the following commands from the LTE Link Monitor terminal:

>    * Enter the command: :command:`AT+CFUN?`

Reviewer 2: This could be an ordered list?

Author: changed to an ordered list.

>      This command reads the current functional mode of the modem and triggers the command :command:`AT+CFUN=1` which will set the functional mode of the modem to normal.

Reviewer 2: will set -> sets

Author: modified

   * Enter the command :command:`AT+CFUN?` into the LTE Link Monitor terminal again.

     The UART/Modem/UICC/LTE/PDN indicators in the LTE Link Monitor side panel turn green.
     This command also automatically launches a series of commands like:

>      * :command:`AT+CGSN=1` which displays the product serial idenitification number(IMEI).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     * :command:`AT+CGSN=1` which displays the product serial identification number (IMEI).
```

Author: updated

     * :command:`AT+CGMI`   which displays the manufacturer name.
     * :command:`AT+CGMM`   which displays the model identification name.
     * :command:`AT+CGMR`   which displays the revision identification.
     * :command:`AT+CEMODE` which displays the current mode of operation.

   * Enter the command: :command:`AT%XOPERID`

     This command returns the network operator ID.

   * Enter the command: :command:`AT%XMONITOR`

     This command returns the modem parameters.

   * Enter the command: :command:`AT%XTEMP?`

     This command displays the current modem temperature.

   * Enter the command: :command:`AT%CMNG=1`

     This command displays a list of all certificates that are stored on your device.

>      If the device has been added to nRF Cloud, a CA certificate, a client certificate, and a private key with security tag 16842753 (which is the security tag for nRF Cloud credentials) will be displayed.

Reviewer 2: will be -> is

Author: updated

Reviewer 2: sorry, this should really be 'are displayed' , my bad :)

.. _at_client_sample:

nRF9160: AT Client
##################

The AT Client sample demonstrates the asynchronous serial communication taking place over UART to the nRF9160 modem.

> The sample enables you to use an external computer or MCU to send commands to the LTE-M/NB-IoT modem of your nRF9160 DK.

Author: Changed.

> The sample enables you to use an external computer or MCU to send commands to the LTE-M/NB-IoT modem of your nRF9160 DK.

Reviewer 3: "to send AT commands" ?

Author: updated

Overview
********

The AT Client sample acts as a proxy for sending directives to the nRF9160 modem via AT commands.
This facilitates the reading of responses or analyzing of events related to the nRF9160 modem.
The commands can be initiated from a terminal or the `LTE Link Monitor`_, which is an application implemented as part of `nRF Connect for Desktop`_.

For more information on the AT commands, see the `AT Commands Reference Guide`_.

> Also see :ref:`modem_info_readme` for information about how an LTE application can interact with the modem.

Reviewer 3: I am not sure to understand. Why is the `modem_info` module mentioned here ?

Reviewer 3: Reference to the module has been removed already: https://github.com/NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf/pull/1345/files#r339546445

Author: Removed the reference.

Requirements
************

* The following development board:

>   * nRF9160 DK board (PCA10090)

Reviewer 4: It should be made clear somewhere that it must be the non-secure version of the board.
Also, the sample works on the Thingy:91 as well, doesn't it?

Author: Some information about the non-secure version of the board is already available in most of the samples including AT client as in here: 
https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/samples/nrf9160/coap_client/README.html#building-and-running

Is this the information required? 

Also, should we change the requirements section as follows: 

One of the following development boards:
  
- nRF9160 DK board (PCA10090)
- Thingy:91 (PCA20035)

@joakimtoe : Please suggest on specifying Thingy:91 as one of the  development board devices . If we are specifying Thingy:91,  then there are two options: 

- We can continue with the existing "Connecting" and "Testing" sections, by explicitly making it clear that the "Connecting " part and the "Testing" parts are based on nRF9160 DK board as an example. 
-Another option is to include the "Connecting " part and the "Testing" parts for Thingy:91 as well, in which case most of the steps might get repetitive.

Reviewer 4: Yes, something like that would be nice.
Re. the "Connecting" and "Testing" sections, I do not believe there would be any differences between the DK and Thingy.

To connect to the nRF9160 DK board with LTE Link Monitor, perform the following steps:

#. Launch the LTE Link Monitor after programming the AT Client sample onto the nRF9160 DK board.
#. Connect the nRF9160 DK board to the PC with USB.
#. Power on the nRF9160 DK board.
#. Click :command:`Select Device` and select the particular board device entry from the drop-down list in the LTE Link Monitor.
#. Observe that initially the command :command:`AT+CFUN?` is automatically sent to the modem, which returns a value 4, indicating that the modem is in the offline mode.
#. Observe that the LTE Link Monitor terminal display also shows :command:`AT+CFUN=1` indicating that the modem has changed to the normal mode.
#. Perform a reset of the nRF9160 DK board by pressing the reset button, which will reboot the board and start the AT Client sample.

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your board, test the sample by performing the following steps:

#. `Connect to the nRF9160 development board with LTE Link Monitor <Connecting to the nRF9160 DK board with LTE Link Monitor_>`_.
#. Run the following commands from the LTE Link Monitor terminal:

>    * Enter the command :command:`AT+CFUN?`.

Reviewer 3: Is it clear enough that the "." (point) at the end of all AT commands is not part of the command?
Maybe we could change a bit the style of those command texts and add a gray background?

Author: Updated the structure of the sentences  containing commands so as to avoid the '.' at the end as follows:

- Enter the command: **AT+CFUN?**

>      This command connects to an LTE network and triggers the command :command:`AT+CFUN=1` which will change the modem state to the normal mode.

Author: Updated the sentence. 

Regarding the note, since the setting 'Automatic Requests' influences three different instances in this document, how about adding it as a separate step(step 2)  in "Connecting to the DK board" section ) rather than a note? The "Testing" section references the "Connecting to the DK board" section anyway.

1. Launch the LTE Link Monitor after programming the AT Client sample onto the nRF9160 DK board.
2. Make sure that 'Automatic Setting' is enabled in LTE Link Monitor.
3. Connect the nRF9160 DK board to the PC with USB.
4. Power on the nRF9160 DK board.
..................

>      This command connects to an LTE network and triggers the command :command:`AT+CFUN=1` which will change the modem state to the normal mode.

Author: Added the step.

   * Enter the command :command:`AT+CFUN?` into the LTE Link Monitor terminal again.

     The UART/Modem/UICC/LTE/PDN indicators in the LTE Link Monitor side panel turn green.
     This command also automatically launches a series of commands like:

     * :command:`AT+CGSN=1` which displays the product serial idenitification number(IMEI).
     * :command:`AT+CGMI`   which displays the manufacturer name.
     * :command:`AT+CGMM`   which displays the model identification name.
     * :command:`AT+CGMR`   which displays the revision identification.
     * :command:`AT+CEMODE` which displays the current mode of operation.

   * Enter the command :command:`AT+CLAC`.

>      This command displays a list of all the available AT commands.

Reviewer 4: If we promote the CLAC command, we should also take care to document them all in the AT commands documentation.
I'm not sure how the situation is now, but at the end of summer, there were ~20 undocumented commands.

Author: The AT+CLAC command is documented here: https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/topic/ref_at_commands/REF/at_commands/mob_termination_ctrl_status/clac.html

Reviewer 4: The problem is not the CLAC command, but that in the list of supported commands, some of them are not documented. Running CLAC, and searching for the commands in the documentation give no results for the following commands at the moment:
CGCMOD
CGTFT
XDRX
XNTF
CSQ
VZWRSRP
XINACTTMR
XSETSOCKOPT
XTRACE
XDEVENV
VZWAPNE
VZWAPNTIME
XLABAPP
XOPCONF
XFOTASIZE
XUSIMLCK
XSMSFALLBACK
XCPSMS

Author: I think then we can remove this command from the testing section. Please suggest a command that is a good candidate to be highlighted here as a replacement of AT+CLAC .

Reviewer 4: That sounds more like hiding the issue under a rug, as all the AT commands should be documented anyways. Not sure if a replacement is necessary, but AT%CMNG=1 might be a good candidate.

Reviewer: I've opened an issue for updating the AT commands reference (TECHDOC-1559). It's definitely a good point, but nothing we can fix in this PR. ;-)

   * Enter the command :command:`AT%XOPERID`.

     This command returns the network operator ID.

   * Enter the command :command:`AT%XMONITOR`.

     This command returns the modem parameters.

   * Enter the command :command:`AT%XTEMP?`.

     This command displays the current modem temperature.

Sample output
=============

The following image shows the sample output of the command :command:`AT+CLAC`:

> .. figure:: /images/at_clac.PNG

Reviewer 3: I would prefer adding the output of the command as text and not as an image. The output will be different anyway when using the Link Monitor app or a console.

Author: Replaced the image with the sample output text.

   :alt: AT Client Sample Output for AT+CLAC

The following image shows the sample output of the command :command:`AT%XMONITOR`:

.. figure:: /images/at_xmonitor.png
   :alt: AT Client Sample Output for AT%XMONITOR

Dependencies
************

This sample uses the following libraries:

From |NCS|

>   * :ref:`at_cmd_readme`

Author: Updated

>   * :ref:`at_cmd_parser_readme`

Author: removed

>   * :ref:`at_params_readme`

Author: removed

>   * :ref:`modem_info_readme`

Author: removed

>   * ``drivers/at_cmd``

Author: replaced drivers/at_cmd with the following : 

 * ``lib/at_host`` which includes:
      * :ref:`at_cmd_readme`
      * :ref:`at_notif_readme`

>   * ``drivers/lte_link_control``

Author: removed
